1
There are great actors in this movie. The story line is awful. The characters are awful. This is the boring life story of a crook from wall street. Why do we care. So what if it is real. It is boring. It is not an 8.2. It is one of the worst crime dramas ever. A movie best on a true story can be good. This is not one of then. To many people like movies just because they are best on a true story. It does not matter that the writing stinks. Good actors wasted there time being in this awful movie. Do not waste your money. Do not waste your time. Do not see this awful movie. Bad movie bad movie bad movie. I need more lines and I am running out of things to say.


2
Jordan Belfort (played by Di Caprio) wants to make money as quickly as possible and decides to pursue the fast track by selling hot air, otherwise known as stock trading. He also likes getting high on drugs and prostitutes (sort of comes with the territory). Therefore, we are "force-fed" lots of orgies scenes, even if I got the point after the first one.

There is also a sort of love story gone sour mixed into the decadent life-style, but it won't break anybody's hearts. In fact, hearts are the accessory nobody needs in this movie.

I had read some reviews mentioning how OTT this was, but they were not even close to reality. Told in a manic and repetitive style, this is the lurid tale of a disgusting, greedy, criminal ass**le and his equally despicable, moronic friends. In other words, Scorsese did a re-take of Goodfellas, moving from the mafia environment to Wall Street. I suppose this is to prove that all men are equally corrupted and disgusting, regardless of the environment... which is a rather depressing view of society (regardless of the orgies).

Half-way through, I started to feel nauseated by the overblown and endless sequence of shouted profanities, illegal deals and all sorts of wild parties, inclusive of one guy masturbating at the sight of Jordan soon-to-be second wife. Even if I know that the Academy's standards are very low, I was surprised to see that a movie with a guy jerking off was considered Oscar material.

Final note: even my male companion got fed up one hour into this, to prove that not every man is actually like Scorsese is repeatedly showing us.
3
The Wolf of Wall Street would enter in my Top 5 of Scorsese 's films , the film has an excellent script, Leonardo DiCaprio is in my opinion his best performance , he is impeccable, and won the Oscar would be well deserved , we have in the squad, Margot Robbie who is very Sexy, Jonah Hill is well , and the rest of the cast has good holdings , the movie is over, and the pace sometimes gets tiresome , even Jonah Hill works well in this film , I did not like your character , I overdone and bland , Margot Robbie steals , and the film has enough nudity, the soundtrack is good , and the film is funny, full of great moments with some unnecessary characters , and also some moments that only came to sum the film, the Wolf of Wall Street and one of the best Scorsese , and has great performances . 
4
amazing film a must watch if you haven't seen this film before you don't know what you are missing out on. This film is vary long but is worth the time. this hooks you in from the first scene. for me my best part of the film was when Leonardo takes those out of date drugs and basically falls all over and can not talk properly. this was one of the best things I've ever seen fantastic acting by the king of acting Leonardo but its not all Leonardo the other amazing and talented star Jona Hill amazing this film id say brought him out a lot more than 21 or 22 jump street even though these films are incredible I think this film is much better and more hilarious. I've heard of couple of people saying they didn't like this film the first time they watched it but after a while they loved it and couldn't stop watching it
5
One of A best and wildest nonsense (?) Movies I've watched. Black comedy which can be found in nearly every Scorsese film here is reaching its peak. The Wolf of Wall Street is strawberry on the cake. The cast, which is led by the brilliant DiCaprio has made this film truly special achievement of its genre that should not be missed in any case.

DiCaprio has once again proved that it can handle almost any role, but that role of "psychotic madman" (Django Unchained, The Aviator, Shutter Island) is definitely the most appropriate for him, and combination of them can be seen in this masterpiece. As listed for each film, but for this most definitely, Leo could, and for The Wolf of Wall Street just had to take the Oscar (with due respect to Matthew McConaughey, of whom more soon). He brings some incredible moments and his way of acting is so good that you'll think he is in fact Jordan Belfort himself. Also his narration is so cool that you'll think he's actually near you.

Jonah Hill is excellent as his best friend and a major participant in all the craziness but also businesses. A way that they meet is ultra funny and the next scenes are all amazingly ridiculous , dialogues are some Tarantino moments, alcohol, nudity and white powder are more and more present. It was nice to watch and enjoy all the scenes of Margot Robbie and the male audience will definitely repeat them several times .. Man, the whole film should be repeated several times! Other members of the cast are also fantastic in their roles, but I have to pick Matthew McConaughey which absolutely dominates the scene at any moment when he appears. Although overall that is very short period of time I would give him the Oscar for best supporting role and Leo would get one for main role then.

This is not a classic film about Wall Street with numbers, stock exchange, outsmarting customers (there are, in some crazy and funny way). This is madness in a thousand ways. The realistic picture of life of rich people.

Scorsese shows pure example how to make three hour of "straightjacket comedy"
6
I must say I am becoming tired of freak show Martin Scorsese who, like Germany's Werner Herzog or Quentin Tarantino, is a repugnant movie-maker on a drug-fueled psychological black-holes of perversion in need of deep therapy rather than funding to create "art".

The Wolf of Wall Street describes the real life of a small-time cheap criminal, Jordan Belfort, in his "career" as a stockbroker (telesales man) in New York City. Belfort's firm Stratton Oakmont made millions not by any skill or knowledge, but by criminality in a rampant corrupt fraud on Wall Street that ultimately led to his downfall. In 1999, Belford pleaded guilty to fraud and related crimes in Stratton Oakmont functioned as a boiler room that marketed penny stocks and defrauded investors with the "pump and dump" type of stock sales. This man cheated millions out of people's income and is now made into some kind of hero by Martin Scorsese. Belfort spent only 22 months in prison for his scams as part of an agreement under which he basically threw the people he had trained under the bus to take the blame for his own crimes.

Marking the fifth collaboration between master filmmaker Martin Scorsese and leading man Leaonardo DiCaprio, The Wolf of Wall Street is nothing less than a nightmarish portrait of the face behind greed culture, which manages to disgust, nauseate, offend and outright terrify – often all at once.

Even during the most disgustingly raunchy or absurdly bizarre sequences in the film (see: those soon-to-be-infamous quaaludes scenes), there is some sort of visual or auditory evidence that this is all being done with clear purpose and intent. This film pushes things way past the point of decency – past the point of envy or admiration but never believability – and that's the entire point of the commentary.

For some reason Leonardo DiCrapio's acting is being hailed as the best of his career. Well, that should tell us what his other acting skills are then. This is not acting skills. This is basically a camera left running to follow a moral abyss of venereal disease around at a drunken frat party.

This film like many of Scorsese's past ones, is a pointless display of soulless characters of little value. I would not be surprised if these characters, who seem quite similar in film after film, are just Martin Scorsese himself under different names and wrappings. This is not the work of a talent or genius: it's the mind of a freak.

The issue with "directors" like Scorsese is that they appear to be in a permanent place of suicidal depression and negativity to which they have to constantly pull their viewers into. You leave the film feeling very low, disgusted and pulled down. The Wolf of Wall Street is described as a black-comedy. Except there's nothing comical about it. It's really a marvel that this C-list director has managed to make a name for himself when there is so much genuine talent out there.

It's interesting to note that the Government of Malaysia, through "investments" from Saudi Arabia, funded the film. Why would a government of a deeply conservative Sunni state fund a film that loves to promote America in such a negative and repugnant light? For those not familiar with Malaysia as a whole, the country is merging deep into Sunni-Wahhabi Islamic anti-America hate rhetoric. This film will certainly help them promote that kind of mindset within their country and beyond.
7
1. I gave this movie 6/10 when I first watched it two years ago. What the hell was wrong with me?

2. I didn't want DiCaprio to win the Oscar in 2013 because I thought McConaughey was more deserving (and Ejiofor was more than both). But now that the Internet got him an Oscar for The Revenant, I think its a huge shame because this is where DiCaprio's strengths lie. Jordan Belfort is a loud, bombastic, debauched, deranged, hyperactive animal - and we love him every moment he's on screen. DiCaprio invests him with an animalistic energy that dips into humanity's id and just lets himself go crazy. 

3. Without DiCaprio's performance, this three hour movie would feel its length. That's why The Revenant killed me - it was just painful waiting for something to happen. Here, there is ALWAYS something happening.

4. Props to Jonah Hill for his fantastic performance as well - likely the finest of his career. His big, gleaming fake smile and his equally depraved behaviour is a perfect compliment to DiCaprio. The best scenes in the film involve Jonah Hill, who gets an even stronger reaction out of you with his frustrating behaviour. But in the film's more serious moments, there is that Goodfellas camaraderie between Azoff and Belfort that makes the characters feel like real adults who lived.

5. The rest of the cast is also up for the challenge, with talented TV actors like Kenneth Choi, Jon Bernthal and Ethan Suplee appearing memorably amongst Belfort's chums, Oscar winners Matthew McConaughey and Jean Dujardin stealing the show in small roles, and directors like Jon Favreau, Spike Jonze and Rob Reiner stopping by an being generally excellent (Reiner is particularly memorable as "Mad Max" Belfort). McConaughey's scenes are hypnotic in their excellence. But the real standout is Margot Robbie, who I watched when she was on Neighbours and love seeing her breakout into the main stream. 

6. Robbie is completely intoxicating, thanks in part to the film's makeup and costume team. The comparison with Cristin Milioti as Jordan's first wife is a subtle but clever one - despite Milioti being cute as a button, the film makes her look just a little bit too frumpy or standard compared to the luxurious Naomi. 

7. A lot of the film was improvised, which pads the run time a bit but the fun that everyone is having is incredibly infectious. The things that are unforeseen, like a kitchen island during the Quayludes scene, contribute even more to the film. The continuous and excessive swearing is magnificent. 

8. Scorsese and his cinematographer Rodrigo Prieto dart around the film with freeze frames, slow-motion, tracking shots and multiple lenses to show up the drug high scenes. It is really impressive filmmaking. 

9. The use of music is great as well, especially with the McConaughey humming replicated into a musical score to play over key moments. 

10. This is Scorsese's best movie since Casino, possibly even better. It is full of manic energy, the mood of each scene is unbelievable. DiCaprio is an actor to be treasured, and I hope Scorsese has one or two more of these still in him.


8
DiCaprio really embodied his character well, as he does with all his movies. He became Belfort so much so, that my friends and I were questioning if he was like that in real life. The rest of the cast too, did well in portraying their characters and displaying the kind of people who are in Wall Street. The chemistry they had with each other was good, and felt more like a club than a company. 

The film is quite explicit and both promotes the American dream and depicts women as objects. Perhaps as this is a biopic, it actually did happen, but I felt it was not at all necessary for the show to have nude women in it. And many instances of it too. Plus, the amount of sex scenes and orgies showed is probably the most I've seen in any movie. It does add to the understanding of the characteristic of the environment, and of Belfort's character, but I'm not so sure if multiple and frequent depictions were necessary (this could have also shortened the length of the film). 

Additionally, I was quite surprised to see the breaking of the fourth wall. It's intriguing to me that it did this so well. Apart from the first time it occurred, the other instances aren't as jarring, and managed to keep me invested in the story of the narrative. As well, it didn't feel awkward. This was perhaps because of the fast pace of the film. As in the Experimenter, the breaking of the fourth wall was very awkward and didn't feel right. 

Overall, I'm not exactly sure how true this film is in depicting the actual life events of Jordan Belfort, but it definitely gave it a worthy try. The directing and editing is well done in establishing this fast-paced life of the Wall Street wolf, and the actors did a great job at portraying their characters. However, the film was about an hour too long, and had too much nudity. It also seemed to be slightly portraying this lifestyle as glamorous.
9
I was really looking forward to this film, given that it is directed by one of my all-time favourite directors, Martin Scorsese, and boasts a stellar cast including the ever improving Leonardo De Caprio who played a blinder in last year's Django Unchained. As you might expect from Scorsese, 'Wolf' is certainly a visual feast and much of it is quite entertaining to watch. It is in a different class to American Hustle, but like 'Hustle', it suffers from a lack of 'audience empathy' for the lead character.

There are endless films which have portrayed utterly unpleasant characters in leading roles and the trick of a good movie-maker is to know how to make us 'feel' for these 'bad' people – who might even be rapists or killers – as then we can understand, if not entirely excuse or forgive their transgressions. Sometimes we will see such villains get their comeuppance, which satisfies our sense of right and wrong, and occasionally the characters themselves become remorseful and change their previously evil ways. In some instances, 'baddies' continue their evil ways, but we are shown that even in the worst of people, there is something that we, the audience, can understand, that will encourage us to understand their horrific behaviour and to gain a modicum of our sympathy. Maybe they have severe mental problems, and so on. Hannibal Lecter is a good example as are Scorsese's movies, such as Goodfellas, Casino and Gangs of New York.

But Wolf is not one of these. How can we have any sympathy or feeling for someone who delights in cheating mainly poor, working class folk in Wall Street security scams; indulging in the most extreme, drug- fuelled sexual misogyny; horrific wife-beating, amongst many more dire acts of deprivation? We are somehow supposed to admire this venal slime ball, who lives a life that even Caligula would have envied. Eventually, he even betrays his closest friends in an attempt to save his own skin. Sure, he ends up in jail, but considering all the ordinary folk who he swindled, 3 years wasn't exactly very long and as the film closes he was back to his old tricks, albeit in a different country where there were still some innocent punters who hadn't heard of his malevolent and immoral ways. 

The film is a graphic riot of sex orgies and drug-enhanced mayhem and there can be no better director than Scorsese to provide this kind of gratuitous feast to audiences presumably hungry for such soft-porn material. But much as one may be inclined to enjoy the scenes playing before our titillated and shocked eyes, we have to wonder whether it is all so necessary. What is the point? I for one do not believe that anyone could have been quite so outrageously reprehensible in his lifestyle as we are led to believe the Wolf was. If he was that bad, how in earth could he have ever got his act together sufficiently to cheat yet more people and run his huge, despicably corrupt organisation?

De Caprio throws everything but the kitchen sink into his performance, but to me, it was totally over the top and frankly, unbelievable and without credibility. I think his role would have been more meaningful, and would even have gained some measure of sympathy from us if he had been more laid back, and not quite so one-dimensionally, utterly heartless, selfish and evil. If he had shown us a little more about what made him tick, and what changed him from being a decent, hard-working married man, into this horrific, drug-addled, sex- monster, I truly believe it would have been a far more enjoyable and satisfying two hours of entertainment. But clearly the scriptwriters and director didn't want to go that way and it is a shame, as it could have been a much better movie if they had.

The very first two IMDb reviews say: Soul-Sucking Mind-Poison "DON'T PAY TO SEE THIS MOVIE!" "Con Man cons Scorsese & DiCaprio" They go on and on, one after the other. I'm glad I'm not alone, as the professional reviewers are still raving about it. Raving mad - more like.
10
'The Wolf of Wall Street' is the story of up and coming yuppie Jordan Belfort as he schemes his way to the top of the stock-broker game. It's safe to say, as entertaining as this movie seems, it really isn't.

Martin Scorsese is a legend in the directing business, but he falls short this time with the absurdity of this film. In no way am I intolerant of a hard R-Rated film, but this pushed it to a disgusting and uncomfortable level. The word 'F#%k' is used in close to damn near every sentence to a grand total of over 500 times. Clearly the script writers had an easy job writing dialogue where 80% of it is profanity.

In no way am I knowledgeable of the real Jordan Belfort, but DiCaprio's representation of him is way too exaggerated that it's borderline ridiculous. Even without reading the book, I'm 100% sure that the life of Jordan Belfort was in no way as bold-faced, wacky, exaggerated and goofy as it's represented in this film. DiCaprio does an okay job with his performance when it comes to the emotional and more direct scenes as Belfort, but it's buried under the crazy non-sense this film constantly bombards the audience with.

Margot Robbie plays Jordan's second wife Naomi, who's only purpose is being the 'sex object' and estranged wife. A woman who marries a man who cheats on his ex-wife (with you), is a sex and drug addict that runs a scheming business, deserves every bad thing that happens. Jonah Hill, rounds off the cast as Belfort's.....goofy sidekick Donnie......and that's it.

Scorsese fails on every level for a director of his capacity, making this film a huge miss for him. People are gonna like this film more than not, so DiCaprio will get an Oscar nomination for all the wrong reasons. This was a viewing experience that made me feel high on cocaine when it was over, but not in a good way. The film pushed itself and it's audience till it breaks with all the ridiculous profanity and erratic craziness that leaves you baffled and wondering: "What the hell did I just see?"

So if you get a chance to see this film, don't take it.
11
Dear potential viewers,

I must warn you that in the time you will spend watching this film, you could:

1. Watch a better film 2. Sleep for three hours 3. Paint a rabbit on your face and run outside 4. Thoroughly wash your hands 5. Drive from Bielefeld to Berlin 6. Giggle 

And all of these activities will be more enriching. The plot is very poor. To distract from that fact, the makers put in a million of sex and drug scenes - a quarter of it would have done as well, you get the point quite quickly. Nothing against Leo, he's a babe but not even he makes up for the waste of time. In Spanish the movie is even worse. Very one-dimensional. Not a single female character who has brains. And who the hell decided to make it 3 hours??? 

In summary, watch something else.
12
I postponed watching this film for a couple of years for it seemed too long and the plot was already everywhere on the internet. But when I finally found enough time to watch it in full, oh boy, was I surprised! I can see why many people hated this film as it goes against morals and religion and traditional thought patterns, but to free-thinking, religion-less people like me, this movie was a blast! I laughed to tears at some scenes, and almost wept at one particular scene, and let me tell you, I'm not a shallow person, and I'm in fact hard to impress by contemporary cinema. People tend to forget this film is meant as a purely entertaining adaptation of a book based on one's life with the intention to raise awareness on the consequences of crimes. It's not just about the hookers and the drugs and the recklessness! As the real Jordan Belfort himself has stated, he hopes this film to serve as ''a cautionary tale'' and that people will also appreciate the work of genuine and talented stockbrokers (not just their sins and crimes) - remember the ''sell me this pen'' scene? I already knew Leonardo DiCaprio could act phenomenally, but his performance in ''The Wolf of Wall Street'' seems of another superior calibre. Despite his constant yelling and orange tan, he poured out his soul in this one, as always, He even damaged his back for goodness's sake for the crawling scene that he had to shoot for an entire week and then needed a chiropractor! He impersonated Belfort incredibly, without being ridiculous, without trying to mimic his voice or gestures, added a personal touch to the story, and he came up with the idea of doing this film in the first place! DiCaprio read the hard copy of Belfort's book (while vacationing on his yacht probably), and he thought it would make a great film, so he contacted Scorsese and you can guess the rest. Keeping the audience engaged and laughing or crying for 3 hours shows the hard work that was put in the making of this film (extras included) and it does not fail to impress. A must-watch for DiCaprio and Scorsese avid fans!
13
First off, I enjoyed this movie. I didn't feel let down by the cast, writers, or director at all. I'm reading a ton of lopsided reviews about this movie...it's either horrible or it's the best thing ever made.

So maybe I'm in the minority when I say, "yeah, it was good. I don't plan on watching it a second time though". 

For the ones saying it's abysmal: There is no character that you're going to feel sympathy for, or feel is the hero of the movie. That's just not what kind of film this is, and you're better off knowing that going in (I did). The graphic nature of certain scenes were not out of place (there is constant vulgar language, and several scenes of graphic nudity). 

For the ones on the flip side: This is NOT DiCaprio's "crowning achievement". He's good, don't get me wrong, but I've seen better performances out of him. That's not something I ever expected to be saying, but he's really developed into a phenomenal actor. I thought that Jonah Hill did a much better job than I expected, and that was a nice surprise.

My final verdict? Ignore 90% of the reviews on here, go watch the movie and decide for yourself. Trust me, there are well over a thousand reviews here and you'll be reading for weeks without any definitive direction.


14
The Wolf of Wall Street (2013): Dir: Martin Scorsese / Cast: Leonardo DiCaprio, Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie, Matthew McConaughey, Rob Reiner: The fifth teaming between director Martin Scorsese and actor Leonardo DiCaprio is another high level gem. It regards the pursuit of power particularly over those of lower status who fall victim to the deceitful exploits. DiCaprio plays stockbroker Jordan Belfort who rises to the top of the stock market using his ability to pitch sales entwined in deceit to merge ahead. He coaches other low income nerds and eventually they go from being on the low payroll to forking in thousands a week. Belfort divorces his wife in favor of the gorgeous Naomi. He has a large mansion, a helicopter, and a massive yacht. He also has the FBI veering in sending Belfort's confident demeanor into paranoia. If there is a flaw then it's the handling of Belfort as a father, which seems to come suddenly and becoming almost an afterthought until a crucial climatic sequence. DiCaprio gives Scorsese another brilliant turn as someone high on money, greed and drugs, which leads to a hilarious drug and drive sequence that further accounts to his downfall. Jonah Hill is scene stealing amusing joining Belfort in the promise of wealth and drugs. Margot Robbie is beautiful as Belfort's frustrated wife who grows weary of his down spiral exploits. Matthew McConaughey appears briefly as a broker who trains Belfort. Rob Reiner is given the small but pivotal role as Belfort's father who warns him to quit while he is ahead. The wages of sin is death even if it is via reputation.
15
If you're looking for classic Scorcese, this is your movie. As many have noticed, it paints the many wolves of Wall Street for exactly what they are... scumbags and thieves in 3- piece suits. The first thing I noticed was Scorcese's homage to one of his own films, the titular "Goodfellas," where the protagonist (DiCaprio) gives a personal voice-over tour of the shenanigans of his entire crew, which by extension, numbers in the hundreds, the sleazy underbelly of the young turks who, by their singular obsession for wealth at any cost, seem to clearly be having the time of their lives. As you will quickly see, the over the top glitz, combined with unfettered hedonism, goes along with business in the most delightfully debauched ways, making the gamut from hardcore drug and alcohol addiction, to more sex than you'll see in the average whorehouse. But as always, Scorcese manages the delicate balancing act between hardcore violence and overt law breaking with the chemically-fueled ecstasy of a life steeped in greed unburdened by guilt. And that is perhaps the closest he comes in the entire film to offering some sort of deliverance from the orgy of excess that this movie depicts so graphically — that there is always a bill to be paid for this kind of lifestyle that can be as extreme as the perks. But what is most troubling is just how many people out there seem ready, willing, and able to pick up the tab for this kind of thinly-veiled crime. Along with the superb supporting cast, this is DiCaprio's film, a delirious tour de force that will leave you gasping.
16
I Have Loved every Scorsese-DiCaprio collaboration and while it definitely doesn't live up to The Departed and Gangs of New York it's is still and incredible laugh riot throughout with amazing direction and writing. DiCaprio recently won the Oscar for his role in the Revenant and to be honest he should have one for this movie instead as he gives an absolutely amazing performance as Jordan Belford who in reality is a piece of sh*t but he is a very entertaining character and steals the entire movie. Jonah Hill also gives the performance of his career with Donnie Azoff. The Wolf of Wall Street is also very entertaining which is surprising for a movie like this, but it really is particularly when Belford is addressing his employees and it's really quite inspiring and proves he does have some humanity to him. Another very good Scorsese film, Casino while fantastic relied far to much on narration to tell a story but The Wolf of Wall Street doesn't have that problem DiCaprio addressed the audience and it helped them enjoy the movie even more as it put them in the situation. Like I said this movie is absolutely hilarious for example the drug sequence featuring DiCaprio and Hill will leave you on the ground struggling the breath but it isn't all laughs and giggles this movie definitely has its dark moments when near the end of the film his wife (played extremely well by Margot Robbie) asks for a divorce and Jordan loses it and beats her then starts taking drugs leading to his daughter being injured. It's admirable that Scorsese chose not to ignore this, Belford was not a good person and this scene highlights that. With a movie that is 3 hours long it is perfectly paced very fast with just enough moment for you to breathe in between. Scorsese has outdone himself again and created in my opinion the best movie of 2013 and leaves me really wanting to see more of DiCaprio and Scorsese collaborations.
17
Nobody could deny that Leonardo Di Caprio turns in a fantastic performance in this movie. There are several standout scenes including his various speeches to his staff, the hilarious encounter with the FBI agents on his yacht, and above all the incredible gymnastics with the car at the country club. I found him absolutely credible as a man driven by - not exactly the pursuit of wealth, because he carries on long after he has more than enough - rather sheer energy, the need to be incessantly active, whether in making money or spending it.

And it's the spending of the money that drags the film down. What on earth persuaded Scorsese that we needed not just one or two drug-fuelled orgies but so many they couldn't be counted? The film could have lost an hour with no damage at all to its narrative arc or its exploration of human greed and white collar criminality. Ironically, the movie didn't take up on the opportunity to pursue the consequences for the duped of Di Caprio's fraudulent schemes. A very short scene on the NYC subway showed what was missed in that regard. Instead we had the constant pounding of the stock selling, the drug taking, the crazy behaviour. 

In some ways a remarkable film which took the time to explain how the scheme worked but alas not to illustrate the damage it inflicted on the victims. It might have been Scorsese's masterpiece.


18
Scorsese is always named among one of the great filmmakers...and why shouldn't he be? He's made tons of masterful, acclaimed, and overall classic films. Even his documentaries are amazing (my personal favorite of all his films is actually the concert doc "The Last Waltz"). He also supports a lot of rare and classic films (just look at his World Cinema project and the two film history documentaries he made, one focusing on Italian cinema and one on American cinema), and, in interviews, expresses his true love for film, which I must admit I share with him.

I've seen hundreds of comedy films, and few are nearly as hilarious as this film, and there are few films that are over 2 1/2 hours that are as entertaining and enjoyable as this film.

At times it may seem like "The Wolf of Wall Street" glorifies Jordan Belfort's criminal lifestyle. Well...so what? All of this glorification ultimately ends in darkness. Anybody complaining that the film encourages this lifestyle obviously skipped the last 30 minutes. Trust me when I say the last half hour is extremely intense and emotional, a complete change of tone compared to the rest of the film.

And, this last note is to all of the reviewers that like to give films like this 1 star and then title their review "Disappointing". Please, lower your expectations or something! You can have your opinion, but isn't 1 star a bit harsh. This is a film that is very well shot/made and has some great acting!
19
This film might have been made the best way it could be made. Seeing as it was chronicling the real life of a stock market corrupt team. But it wasn't enjoyable to me at all. It might have served the role of informing us that Stock Market workers are corrupt. But I think most people going in were already convinced of that. My take is that the subject of stock market corruption could be better covered as a dark comedy in a similar style as Dr. Strangelove. Or the film could have been entertaining if the entire thing was covered from the perspective of the cops who took Belfort down. The way this film was made just makes me hate the world for producing such nastiness both in the real world and on the big screen. Not all films have to be happy. But there has to be some hope involved in the story somewhere. Sure the guy went to jail at the end. But his sentence was so small that it felt just like another defeat. Also, the film was REAAALLY long.
20
I kept waiting for something to happen that had even an element of surprise. The plot has to do with a character who is great at using the stock market to his advantage and then spreading the loot around. He has a group of dysfunctional sociopaths working for him and for some reason they are successful. This is all contrived to make things move along and be interesting. As the profits rise, there is more and more debauchery that is about as graphic as anything I've seen. The interesting thing is that it is not erotic; it is just plain boring. DiCaprio has a lot of lines and gets to emote like crazy, reveling in his excessive use of drugs and his lack of any kind of commitment. I suppose this is so outrageous that we viewers who are not with it don't realize it is tongue in cheek. I knew where the principle plot was going and had a hard time imagining that so many people could exist under these circumstances. It's just rotten people doing rotten things to other people. It's like Caligula has been reborn in the 21st Century.


21
My girlfriend and I went to see this movie when it was in theaters. We met a friend there who was visiting from out of town and he paid for our tickets. Despite that being the situation, my girlfriend, exercising better judgment that I, leaned over to me and whispered "I can't sit here and watch this trash". I was immediately moved by her moral gesture and decided to follow her out, with our friend staying behind to watch the rest. We had only gotten about 30 minutes in. But it was more than enough. I have never seen anything so raunchy from a Hollywood film, especially in theaters.

To be honest, I recently let my curiosity get the best of me and I watched a bit more of it on Netflix but it left me feeling the same way as before. I had to rate it at least 5 stars because after all, you can't rate every movie you dislike one star as though its the worst film ever made, nor can you rate every good movie a ten. I does have a lot of really talented actors and it was a visually well made, high budget movie so 5 stars feel fair. If they limited the F bombs to a reasonable level and left out the "just short of porn" sex scenes then I would have really liked this film.

However, it's just so filthy and raunchy, it's insulting. They can't go more than a sentence without saying the F-word. The over the top sex scenes and overall crudeness of the movie gets old very fast and your just sitting there like "oh come on! seriously?!" It seems as though Leo DiCaprio can't do a movie anymore unless he's playing a despicable foul mouthed pig. I'm not someone who won't watch a movie because of language or violence or nudity, but this movie is just so over the top that I can't sit through it and feel good about myself.

If you have no moral boundaries and no ethical compass, and nothing bothers or offends you, then this is probably a highly entertaining and enjoyable movie. I'm sure if I spoke like the characters in this film and lived a shameless existence like them, I would probably be writing a very different review. But thankfully I'm not like them and I can thank my conscience for that.


22
We all know that Martin Scorcese is one of the greatest directors of all time but in my opinion this is his greatest film, I was like many people slightly disappointed with Shutter Island but that has been followed up with a pure masterclass. Obviously Mr Scorcese cant take all the credit as fantastic performances from Leonardo DiCaprio, Jonah Hill and Margot Robbie carry the film from the outset and throughout and the fairly brief cameo appearance from Matthew Mcconaughey is just as great.

**Spoiler Alert** What I love about this film is the evolution of DiCaprio's character Jordan Belfort from a young man just starting out on Wall Street to the main man calling the shots at his own firm. My favourite scene in the film itself would be the speech made by Belfort in front of all his Stratton Oakmont colleagues about not leaving, this was not just hilarious but really motivational and just showed that Mr Belfort really is "The Wolf of Wall Street"
23
Not to be confused with that 1929 film (LOL); I saw this awhile back off Netflix, and can't believe I forgot to review this, considering it was one of my fav. films of 2013???!!! I would call this "Goodfellas" meets "Boiler Room"! 

Based on the true story of Jordan Belfort(Leonardo DiCaprio), from his rise to a wealthy stock-broker living the high life to his fall involving crime, corruption and the federal government. If you've ever seen the 2000 film "Boiler Room", the Tom Everett Scott character in that film was also based on Belfort. I heard he received $1 million for the sell of his work to be made into a movie- wow!, that is just so wrong-?? 

As I was watching this, with DiCaprio's narration, and the pacing and music and everything, I couldn't help think of "Goodfellas" (of course, also directed by Martin Scorsese) - in fact, DiCaprio's voice almost sounded like he was intending for it to echo Ray Liotta's in that film-?? 

And wow!- what an all-star cast??!- no less than Jonah Hill (who I heard wanted to be in this film so bad, accepted a $60,000 salary compared to Leo's $10 million! LOL), Kyle Chandler, Rob Reiner, Jon Bernthal (TV's "The Walking Dead"), Jon Favreau, Jean Dujardin ("The Artist"), Joanna Lumley, and Matthew McConaughey in a key role as Belfort's mentor. 

And the running time- just under THREE hours!?? No matter, the film just flies by. I will say it is refreshing to see what is basically a comedy come in at that length. DiCaprio and Scorsese, who ten years ago I would've thought it was a joke comparing the actor/filmmaker duo to DeNiro/Scorsese; however, with this film being their fifth collaboration after the likes of "Gangs of New York", "The Aviator", "The Departed" and "Shutter Island", I will have no problem putting those two collabs in the same group...
24
Self-indulgent film that glorifies instead of satirizing the excess. 40-50% could have been cut and the movie would have been better for it. Endlessly repetitive and not even remotely believable party scenes, as if all the apparent idiots in the audience had not yet fully grasped the idea that these characters were a group of truly awful people incapable of evolution or redemption. No motivation to keep watching. I was done after the scene when Jordan was so loaded he could not walk down the country club's stairway. I was so looking forward to his being killed in a one-car accident after he crawled into his Porsche, and that would finally put an end to this movie. No such luck, but thankfully, there is a stop button on my remote. So glad I didn't waste my money going to the theater for this one.
25
Many know Martin Scorsese for his critically acclaimed crime-dramas such as Taxi Driver (1976), Goodfellas (1990), Casino (1995), and Gangs of New York (2002). Some might have never guessed he would take a leap into the comedy genre since his 1983 black comedy, King of Comedy. Martin Scorsese and Leonardo Dicaprio make their fifth collaboration in The Wolf of Wall Street, an intelligent biopic comedy about crime, corruption, and cheating against the law enforcement, that should have landed multiple Oscars.

Based on true events set in the late 80s and early 90s, Leonardo Dicaprio plays Jordan Belfort, a New York stockbroker who takes a job at Wall Street, only to get laid off when the company suffers a severe downfall. In an effort to regain wealth, Belfort raises his own financial company, Stratton Oakmont, with the help Donnie Azoff (played by Jonah Hill). He begins living a life of extreme wealth, sex, and drugs by defrauding financial investors that eventually draws unwanted attention by the FBI. Leonardo Dicaprio gives one of the most mesmerizing performances of his career. He has long-lasting impressions with his performances on many of Martin Scorsese films such as Gangs of New York, The Aviator, Shutter Island, and The Departed. In this film, he does a job at being funny, charismatic, and faithful on his portrayal of Jordan Belfort. Many scenes left me laughing hysterically, but at the same time, shocked by some of Belfort's actions. There are several scenes include Belfort gets high on hardcore drugs like quaaludes and cocaine. I was pretty shocked by these scenes but most of the time, they're funny. Jonah Hill also gives a hilarious and decent performance as Jordan's Belfort'a assistant. Martin Scorsese did an amazing job on mixing his unique style of filmmaking with a comedic tone. 

Yes, the film runs for three hours but it manages entertaining throughout its time. Many viewers however, have expressed negativity for the excessive sex and nudity that goes on the film. The film does push the envelope with frequent sexual content and nudity from both genders. However, it never gets extreme to the point where it makes the film look pornographic. This film also now holds the record of the most F-bombs used in a film. Nonetheless, the film is very enjoyable, funny, and a must-see for everyone. But when I mean everyone, I don't include anyone under the age of 17. Overall, I was pretty disappointed that this film didn't land any Oscars, especially Leonardo Dicaprio (although he was nominated). This film deserves more than what it received. It is wild and astonishingly entertaining comedy done by the surprising comedic efforts of Martin Scorsese, and stands as one of his best films since The Departed.
26
The movie is about scummy Wall Street businessmen that make a lot of money. Except for the main character, almost everybody else is worthless: the men aren't interesting or funny or original or important or inspiring or good looking. They are aggressive, uneducated scum who spend most of the time snorting coke, falling over, and yelling YEAAAAH !!! and FUUCK !! The women, if in a speaking role, are gold-diggers. The rest are prostitutes.

Why do we need three hours of their orgies is beyond me. Who cares about these people? The aunt and the FBI guy are the only potentially interesting characters but they get very little space, I guess because the director needed to spend more time on depicting yet another senseless orgy or yet another detailed depiction of effects of drugs.

This would be a total disaster if it weren't for DiCaprio who gives a captivating performance of the main character. He's energetic and convincing. Too bad his talent is wasted on a character of a money- embezzling, drug-addicted salesman surrounded by human trash.
27
Last night, I finally watched last year's 3-hour-long The Wolf of Wall Street, which purports to tell the true story of Jordan Belfort, a guy who got rich beyond his wildest dreams of avarice thanks to the empire he built by fraudulently selling worthless penny stocks. The film garnered a great deal of attention when it opened because it showed the debauchery of Jordan's life, as well as the life his fellow get-rich-quick traders lived. There were beaches full of cocaine (apparently the actors sniffed up powered Vitamin B), mountains of Quaaludes, oceans of alcohol, and swarms of naked prostitutes, as well as few tossed dwarfs. It wasn't titillating, it was mind-numbing.

As I commented to my wife, the movie was too much debauchery and too little plot. By the beginning of the third hour, I was desperate for the FBI to move in and just arrest the guy so that we could all be put out of our misery. Unless you are a glutton for punishment, I recommend that you skip the whole movie and just watch the first and last half hours, which will tell you everything you need to know about one crook's rise and fall.

last night, my son saw Noah, a movie that has aroused the ire of traditional believers because of the way it turns God's message and moral on its head. While my son couldn't care less about whether the movie twisted the Bible, he does care about good entertainment. This was not, in his estimation, good entertainment. Or as he said, and I quote, "Noah was a terrible movie. It was really stupid and boring. It was the worst movie I've ever seen."

When I pressed him for details, I got a garbled recital about Noah's stupid belief that he had to kill all of humankind, about his plan to murder his grandchildren, about unbelievable bad guys and animated rocks, and generally about a frenetic, yet boring, mess of a movie. This was a two thumbs down and then some.


28
When I saw "Good Fellas" during its initial release in 1990, I thought I had seen the goriest violence (outside of a horror film) and linguistically filthiest language I had ever witnessed in a film. While "The Wolf of Wall Street" was not as graphic in the violence department, it makes "Good Fellas" seem tame in the language department. Also, the sex scenes are so over-the-top and explicit, this film probably would have garnered an X-rating a few decades ago. It was almost too much, but luckily the story was compelling enough and the excellent performances by Leonard DiCaprio and Jonah Hill convincing enough that it still works fairly well as satisfying cinema.

The film centers around true-to-life penny-stocks trader Jordan Belfort played by Leonardo DiCaprio and his associate Donnie Azoff (Johan Hill) and how they built a multi-million dollar penny-stocks mini-empire which not only violated SEC rules of trading but engaged in securities fraud and money laundering. In typical Scorsese style, the story begins with the voice-over of Belfort, telling his story about eight years of his life in penny stocks trading and eventual securities fraud through his firm Stratton Oakmont from circa 1988 to 1995. Four things seem to drive Belfort: endless sex, gobs of money, constant drug-induced highs, and the endless spewing of expletives.

Belfort begins his story by telling us about the wealth he has achieved engaging in penny-stocks trading. He has a beautiful wife, a beautiful home, a beautiful car (not red but white) and endless amounts of cash in the bank. He can also have his way with just about any woman he desires, and he does, despite the fact he's married to a beautiful model who has family connections to English/British royalty. He seems to have it all, but it wasn't always this way. Time rewinds to the late 1980's when he was married to a different woman while renting an apartment in New York and gets his first position at a stock broker firm. There he meets Mark Hanna (Michael McConaughey) who explains the rules of the game: solitary vices, sex, and getting as much money as possible from clients. This firm sells respectful grade-A stocks to wealthy shareholders. Shortly thereafter, the firm busts as a result of the infamous "Black Monday" crash of 1987.

Belfort then becomes part of a firm trading in penny stocks, worthless low-trading stocks which may or may not have tremendous investment potential. He trades in a so-called "boiler room", a place usually in a low-rent district which sells penny and risky investments to lower-end investors. The one upside is brokers of penny stocks earn a 50% commission than the usual 1% offered at respected brokerage firms. Then an idea occurs to him: what if they can trick higher-end traders to buy the many penny stocks? They'll trade the high-end stocks to higher-income investors, gain their trust, and then manipulate them into buying thousands of shares of penny stocks, i.e. worthless investments.

Donnie Azoff (i.e. Danny Porush) played by Jonah Hill, a neighbor in Belfort's apartment complex asks to be in the business and eventually becomes an important partner in the firm. They rename it Stratton Oakmont Inc. to sound more official and legitimate. The firm grows as a result which leads to an exposé in Forbes Magazine where the article labels him "The Wolf of Wall Street". As the money grows, so does Belfort's desires for more money, more sex, and more Methaqualone, or Quaaludes. And so does his need to use more expletives in practically every other word he utters. The story forms an arc about how he keeps gaining more and more, climbing higher and higher, but simultaneously digging himself a deeper in which to take a huge fall.

So many of the Scorsese devices are present in this film: the voice-over (as mentioned), introductions and short biographies of the major characters, in this case those working at the firm, the height of the characters' successes, all leading towards the climax in which authorities eventually enter the picture. The entire form and arc of the story closely resembles "Good Fellas" and "Casino". I would almost rate the film a "5", but it gets a "4", not because of what it leaves out but for having too much other things. I thought the many sex scenes and endless expletives became overwhelming. They started to detract from the main thrust of the story. There were parts where I wanted to understand better their financial schemes and see less of the sex. Also, Belfort engages in many speeches to his traders, some of which were too long-winded. Whenever the characters enjoy a major success, there would be along speech followed by a huge party and orgy-fest with lots of explicit sex bordering on pornography. I think once or twice would have been plenty, but the parties and orgies are so numerous I lost count. Still a compelling film with an outstanding performance by DiCaprio and honorable mention to Jonah Hill.
29
The Wolf of Wall Street is about the real life character Jordan Belfort who used to be a big Wall Street broker who engaged in illegal activities during the 80s and got himself arrested. The film is based on the book of the same name written by Belfort himself. Like Scarface, this film involves a character who comes from a humble background, a 'former member of the middle class'as he is called in the film, but who has huge ambitions and a relentlessly fierce vigour to become a big-shot and become rich. It is quite clear that under the circumstances that Jordan has grown up in, money is something that he views as a God and so when he arrives at Wall Street to work for his first brokerage firm, he feels a sense of fulfillment. Another film that I was really reminded of was 'Goodfellas'. A thematic connection between the two films can be made by one line from each film. In Goodfellas, Henry Hill says 'I always wanted to be a gangster' and in The Wolf of Wall Street, Belfort says 'I always wanted to be rich' and these two lines tell you everything that you need to know about these two characters.

However this film isn't really about Wall Street and the stock market. It is really about addiction and the perils of uncontrolled ambition. But like pretty much all of Scorsese's films, this is not at all preachy or melodramatic. Scorsese portrays the vulgar, obscene antics involving drugs and hookers and the unrestricted misogyny of Belfort and his partners in an unapologetic manner. Many people have complained about the fact that the style of storytelling is exaggerated, over-the-top, and extremely loud. But it is clear that this is intentionally so. The film about such obscenely undisciplined individuals has to be equally undisciplined and loud, because otherwise the whole point of effectively portraying the excessive nature of their actions gets lost. However Scorsese still uses some scenes to make us not empathise, but understand why these people feel the need to act like this. 

When Belfort has the conversation with Mark Hanna, a senior partner of the firm that he starts to work for after arriving at Wall Street played by Matthew McConaughey, it is clear that he wasn't as hollow as he became later, but McConaughey's character acts like the character of Mephistopheles and gives him all the advice and tips which Belfort absorbs and ends up selling his soul to the devil. We also see Belfort himself then taking up the role of Mephistopheles and alluring others into this mad world of stock broking. 

Although the film uses the concept of excess in a lot of ways, but Scorsese still manages to use some tender scenes to somehow humanise this character of Belfort who seems so inhuman, like the scene where Belfort shifts his focus to stealing from the rich instead of the poor because that was what his wife asked him to do, or the scene where we get to know why he hired an employee called Kimmie. Belfort was once a human, but he was seduced into this whole other world where he lost his humanity and became a greedy wolf who wanted nothing but money, drugs and sex.

Scorsese over the years has received a lot of stick from a section of audiences and critics for using very objectionable, unlikeable people as his protagonists. Although he enjoys exploring the worlds of these people and almost makes it fun to watch them live their lives doing questionable things, but he never shows people escaping the consequences of their actions. His films have a moral fibre attached to them that can be seen by going beneath the violence on the surface. I thought Belfort's fate was very similar to the fate of Jake LaMotta in 'Raging Bull'. Belfort's perseverance and ambition makes him successful and very rich, but his inability to control this ambition and his inability to control his multiple addictions leads to him losing all that he had and everything falls apart. Scorsese also makes a damning indictment of the US justice system by showing how you have a chance to get away with anything as long as your pockets are full.

The Wolf of Wall Street looks like a typically characteristic Martin Scorsese film. His unique style is all over the film- the tracking shots, the fast movement of the camera and the voice-over by DiCaprio. The film also has the characteristic fast editing by the regular Scorsese collaborator Thelma Schoonmaker. The film is 3 hours long, but it feels much shorter due to the energy of the script. But having said that, I don't think the script is perfect like Goodfellas. There a few scenes here and there which could have been better written and some scenes could have been shorter.

Leonardo DiCaprio has never been funnier. He uses a lot of physical comedy in this role when he needs to, but also efficiently portrays the more sombre emotions. The speeches that he gives in the office meetings are absolutely mesmerising. He uses the microphone in those scenes like a rockstar and exudes limitless energy and charisma. Jonah Hill brilliantly plays an odd but fascinating character who becomes a partner in crime for Belfort. Margot Robbie also deserves praise for her performance. 

The Wolf of Wall Street is the kind of film that we have seen Martin Scorsese make before. He has explored these themes of greed and indiscipline and how it can destroy someone, but I'd much rather watch Scorsese repeating himself than another one of those pointless superhero films or those clichéd Hollywood romantic comedies.
30
The Wolf on Wall ST. is a movie about a man who survived. He started out his life as a pretty decent man, then he lost his job and with almost zero prospects, he ended up in the Penny Stocks business and from day one he was able to pull himself out of unemployment to having a constant job. The led character was labeled the Wolf. The movie was original in the sense of cinematic experience. The theme of the movie was pretty sordid - with ripping off others as the main element - but the lead character seemed to not have a clue to his defective character - and this actually made him a sympathetic character. I do not think that, for one minute, did he think that what he was doing was wrong. I believe he thought it was justified. Is this the zone of a sociopath, or just an ambitious human being - who seemed to be operating well in the cut-throat America. If he was at fault in his acting and thinking - whose fault would that be? The whole American culture? Is this not, in a way, the Jim Morrison gene? The gene of destructive- self destructive ultimately .... America - even though it often seems like a Dream - the City on the Hill - but actually America is probably the most cut-throat boom or bust country in the world in 2014 New York had 50 thousand homeless people - I believe that some of those individuals, if not all, where victims in one way or another of the boom or bust fast-paced commercial environment of America. In a way The Wolf on Wall St is like a modern day Western / Cowboy movie - only this time the protagonists and the villains seemed to have blurred roles. This movie is really a nightmare - but the way it is filmed - was mystifying and hence switched the nightmare into a kind of dream.
31
When the Wolf of Wall Street was in the movie theaters I read the reviews and decided that I did not need to see it. Recently I developed an interest in seeing more movies with Jean Dujardin in it after I saw a movie called Moebius . I had also seen The Artist, but nothing else with him. So I searched on IMDb which other movies Jean Dujardin had made and found that he had a part in the Wolf. I took the Wolf of Wall Street out at the library (thanks for that, so at least I did not have to pay for that trash) and when I started to watch it I remembered why I did not want to see the movie in the first place. I have to admit that I fast forwarded through it because there is a limit of how many times I want to hear the f word, or watch a bad dye job on Di Caprio or see unsexy naked prostitutes. I get that Scorsese want ed to paint the guy as repulsive and he was successful in doing so, but three hours of repulsive without anything interesting happening is just too much. It also reminded me never to wear anything from famous designers again because that would put me in the company of sleaze balls. When I see movies like this the only fear I have is that some young stupid impressionable person may actually think that this kind of life is a good thing. Otherwise I can only recommend this movie to women, You will never want to be with a man who drinks or takes drugs again after watching that and you will never trust your man going on a business trip again. I live in Las Vegas and I have heard from people working in the big hotels that they have to take the hose to some rooms which have been used by immature drunk males on drugs, but I highly doubt that any airline would allow their customers to behave like these pigs. I did not need to see this movie to know that this kind of men are lousy lovers and husbands. There was really nothing I liked and again I realize that this was the intention. . It was no fun to watch, I have not learned anything new. I thought that DiCaprio was too old for the role and the hair and eyebrow dye job was so distracting that I was always waiting to see the color drip. 

The movie left me completely and totally depressed, it is so demeaning to women and so so sad that Scorsese and DiCaprio thought that this is the right way to make money. Actuall I cannot really remember a movie from Scorsese or DiCapria I really enjoyed, so maybe I should never watch one again either one has anything to do with.
32
Despite the fact that this movie was extremely long (three hours), and that it was filled with twist, turns and a lot of crash, I really liked the story overall and I really think that it was well written. 

First of all, Leonardo DiCaprio as Jordan (Belfort)in the movie; who is probably one of the best actors in the industry as far as I'm concerned really showcase his talent as a public speaker. His energy through the entire movie doesn't matter if it was under the influence of drugs, really transferred and passed through the audience. You just felt re- energized by listening to what he had to say. The movie in a way had a really great sense of humor in the person of (Jonah hill) who was Jordan main partner in the scenery. Honestly, even though it wasn't the best way of portraying success by showcasing corruption, sex and drugs, the moral of the movie was that it didn't really matter how your path of success looked like, as long as you believed in yourself and those around you, it was possible to make it happen.

Therefore, I also think that there were another moral in that story. which was, money can not guarantee happiness and that we saw it towards the end when the entire empire that Jordan created collapse with his wife wanting to divorce, the lost of some of his business partner and some friends and for most, him going to jail. My only regret is that they could have get rid of the language used (vulgar) and some of the drugs and sex scene, and it would have probably be even better and accessible for a larger audience.


33
This movie is a crap, a real crap. How is possible many people to praise it. It does not even deserve a second from you time to watch it. Boring plot, it is really bad. Better watch a puppet show than this. Wallstreet? where is the Wallstreet guys? show it! the trading, the stock, where are they. Lower Manhattan style... Totally bad movie, real trash. No catchy soundtrack, bad actors selection. Bad director....................what this kind of movies are still being made is the question? Some trashy pop-culture, "cool drunk stuff".........what else. this movie does not offer something more that that.
34
The movie shows bad habits and inspires young people to hope for something like this. Easy money, scams, no moral, no humanity! Maybe use the movie as a bad example. I do not understand why someone would like this movie? This movie could be liked by people that were born with a lot of money, spoiled and search for new ways to be amused. For the rest of the world, we have another important thing, called life. And in order to live, You have to work, be honest, try hard, no cheating, no shortcuts... That's my opinion. Leonardo di Caprio has a few good movies but lately a lot of bad ones. I believe that there are people like this, but I have no idea how do they live with themselves. It is not the life anyone should hope for.
35
I have just switched off The Wolf of Wall Street in.....well, shock frankly. After persevering for quite some time, because this is a film directed by Martin Scorcese for goodness sake! So felt it just had to get better any minute NOW.

Unfortunately, it did not. Flabby and self indulgent. This required an excellent editor to step up and shout over the ego's: 'No really fellas......that just goes on and on and on.....keep it sharp!' Just shocked at how appalling this actually is. If this was a couple of guys just out of film school, would the critics have raved about it? Would it get nominated for Awards? 

More evidence of the ridiculousness of big award nights. 

I have read the reviews here of people who liked this film, and all respect to you. Everything is perception is it not? Where they see 'innovation' I see self indulgence and lack of editorial discipline. See what you think.
36
This is a terrifically fun movie. Martin Scorcese offers pitch perfect direction in which nothing is just for show even though for the title character, everything is for show. Jonah Hill is surprisingly good as a jittery stockbroker, although it's hard to believe the guy on which he was based was that odd.

Above everything else there is an absolutely amazing performance by Leonardo DiCaprio. He is clearly taking great delight in portraying the psychopathic fabulist who build wall street firm out of a bunch of penny-ante drug dealers. Of particular note is a wonderful sequence where he attempts to function in a state of complete drug-induced collapse. He is funny, charming, and disturbing.

This is essentially one of Scorcese's crime dramas, albeit with less violent criminals. Here the bad guys get on the covers of financial magazines, and when they go to jail, it's at cushy white-collar prisons where they play tennis all day. 

The culture and the people and the lifestyle horrify me, yet I'm sure many will look at a life of hookers, blow, and stealing everything that isn't nailed down and imagining that life for themselves. That's the sad thing about this movie; for some people it's pretty much the American dream.


37
The Wolf of Wall Street is such a crazy, dynamic movie based on the true happenings of Jordan Belfort, a rich, drug-happy Wall Street investor who essentially defrauded everyone on Wall Street. Scorcese is known for taking films to another level, and he certainly does that here. The 3- hour film flies by with the drugs, booze, and more drugs as we see how corrupt Wall Street can be. This is Scorcese's craziest film to date, and that is surprising with his impressive filmography. 

Martin Scorcese's film is about the events that landed Jordan Belfort in prison for thirty-six months for investment fraud. Rising from the humble beginnings of a penny investor, he moves his way up the ladder using not so legal methods as he is aided from the help of drugs, women, and alcohol. 

Leonardo DiCaprio made have provided his best acting performance to date, which is impressive with his resume. He looked like he really had fun and he gave us one with no strings attached. The opening scene with him though is impressive with the little help of cocaine. Jonah Hill gave a fine performance as Jordan's drug-addicted, right-hand man. Matthew McConaughey had a brief, but excellent performance giving Jordan the workings of Wall Street. Finally, a star was born in Margot Robbie. She is just a goddess acting as Jordan's second wife. It helps that she is very pretty as well. 

Overall, The Wolf of Wall Street is another excellent film to add in the resumes of both Leonardo DiCaprio and Martin Scorcese. It also may be their most fun and craziest film to date. It's a very long film, but the length doesn't that bad because the film is stocked with so many interesting points. As a film based on Wall Street, only the 1987 film "Wall Street" may exceed this film in quality, although the tone of both films are sharply different. This film is a fun ride and part of me wish that Leo finally won the Oscar he deserves, but maybe next time. 
38
I could forgive this movie. I could forgive this loud, self- centered, obnoxious movie. I could forgive its blatant exploitation of crime, drug use, and sex. I could forgive its juvenile humor that only Adam Sandler fans could laugh at. I could forgive all that - if it wasn't so boring. 

Martin Scorsese's The Wolf of Wall Street tells the true story of stockbroker Jordan Belfort (Leonardo DiCaprio) and how he built his own company from the ground up, and ran it back into the ground with scandal. 

You know you're out of ideas when you start ripping off your own work, and ol' Marty Scorsese's been doing it for years. The Wolf of Wall Street is a complete ripoff of Casino, which was in turn a complete ripoff of Goodfellas. 

Wolf doesn't even know what it wants to be. It tries to be a biopic, drama, comedy, satire, and crime story all at once - and fails at all of them. 

I mentioned that Wolf is boring. It's very boring. Every minute of it felt like an eternity. I must have checked my watch twenty times. I mean, three hours? Really? 

I expected more from you, Scorsese. Have you no shame?

In case I haven't made my point clear, I didn't care for this movie. 

39
The Wolf Of Wall Street will be loved by some while others will be absolutely mortified. I'm more in the former direction. Leonardo DiCaprio plays a fantastically appalling stockbroker who lives the high life thanks to making millions illegally, but soon the authorities become aware of his illegal activities. Divisive but acclaimed overall, TWOWS, with its depictions of swearing, greed, sex, drug use, moral corruption and bad behaviour does not know the art of taste or the art of subtlety, but if you can look past its lack of taste, it's a relentless, ruthlessly effective and devilishly demented black comedy which is less a movie, more a machine gun helicopter blasting its way through every tasteful movie studio around. Disregarding a short running time, a restraint on unnecessary scenes and examinations of the consequences maybe wasn't the best idea, but this is overall a slightly brilliant movie which, as a cinematic whole, has got it all. People may forget how brilliantly made it is.

TWOWS is quite blatantly the work of a master. With every frame exploding with cinematic skill and precision, this movie looks amazing and there's not an arbitrary shot to be found. In terms of scripting, despite having over 500 uses of the F word it never feels gratuitous, and with amazing dark humour, clever character development and badass lines galore the screenplay refuses to be boxed in. Leonardo DiCaprio has never been better on screen, while Jonah Hill makes it pretty obvious he is destined to win an Oscar at some point. Matthew McConaughey is only in it for 10 minutes, but he makes a huge impact. There isn't really a solitary bad performance here. It dips after the halfway point before finding its feet again, and there are many scenes which aren't necessary and feel like they're prolonging the film for the sake of having an obnoxious length, which means the delirious heights the film sometimes reaches are never sustained for long enough. Even so, this is one of 2013's finest and deserved the Oscar nods.
40
Supporters of this outright horrible movie miss the point. I can watch sex and nudity and violence, and can listen to cursing, but I can't tolerate pictures that are just outrageous. If I hadn't known that this is a Scorcese film, I would have thought it to be Oliver Stone, with total distortion of truth in business and the reality of doing business. Nobody can function daily with that much intake of alcohol and drugs. Plus normal people have problems with any story that gives the viewer absolutely no one to root or hope for. My rating is a reluctant 1 of 10!

We watched this mess for one hour and gave up on it. The Dicaprio performance is laughable.
41
Leonardo DiCaprio is just getting better and better. This guy is like an oil reservoir that that turns out to be bigger and bigger.

Leonardo plays Jordan Belfort, a stock market trader who becomes more and more corrupt as his debauched lifestyle is spiraling out of control and it is exceptionally enjoyable to watch this guy's depraved antics and listen to his commentary.

Leonardo definitely makes this movie, but the other players are pretty awesome too. The fat and skittish Jonah Hill is hilarious. Jon Bernthal wears an awesome mustache as one of Leonardo's criminal friends and he is not in the movie nearly enough. Margot Robbie who plays Leonadro's new wife is actually a good actress and there is depth to her character but it looks like the movie is well aware of what her role is in this movie: eye candy.

The writing is absolutely amazing both in terms of humour and the portraying of the selfishness and pride of the main character. The dialogue is pretty good but the humour is in the acting and the visual presentation rather than just jokes.

This movie looks good, in part due to all the sides of the rich life, including all the boobs, but also due to how the scenes are structured, the cuts and flash backs.

The crazy does get a little old. This movie has many inventive and fun looking scenes, but the over-saturated gang-bang drug-induced scenes get old after the third time you see them and lose their effect. Also, seeing how much drugs the main character takes, it is clear that this film takes creative license with the realities of drug abuse.

I do not have a whole lot to say about this film because I was having too much fun watching Leonardo Di'Caprio chew this movie to analyze the details. Wolf of Wall Street is one of the most entertaining films ever.
42
I can't believe it, Scorsese has done it once again. Unbelievably enough, The Wolf of Wall Street may be Scorses's best work yet; or at least it's in hist top three (The Departed and Goodfellas were both so exquisitely wonderful). Leonardo DiCaprio is also phenomenal in this film, but then again what can you expect since it's Leonardo DiCaprio, one of the best actors of all time.

Ultimately, The Wolf of Wall Street's length is over-the-top yet somewhat perfect as its running time as the film really suits having every little detailed moment that it has. The film is hilarious. The acting is stunning from that of DiCaprio and Matthew McConaughey whose role is rather mesmerising alongside DiCaprioss.

If this film doesn't grab your full attention, I don't know what will. Be sure to see this masterpiece - I'm sure it will grab your full attention because it's absolutely fantastic. Scorsese is a stand-out director that everyone interested in the film industry should know of. He's the greatest director in the world today. The Wolf of Wall Street is his latest great! 10/10.
43
True story about a rags to riches wall street scumbag / greedy / party loving aHole capitalist pig, Jordan Belfort! But, pretty boy DiCaprio manages to make the guy halfway likable.

And Scorsese, manages to produce a movie which I would classify as pornographic.

Absolutely over the top film that spends way to much time watching 'sexual antics' between men and women, mostly. Coupling, tripling, and yes, of course, orgies. Up close and personal, ad naseum. Add to that, plenty of drugs and booze and foul language 'up the wazoo' and the XXX easily follows.

Entertaining viewing for adults only...


44
Even though some articles have reviewed this movie as "3 hours of enjoyable action without any substantial storyline whatsoever" I loved the movie and do not find any truth in what they're claiming. I do find there is a great storyline between the cars, drugs, sex, money and ridiculousness (with which I'm referring to sexual organs being whipped out of pants, flying people with dwarfism and the eating of a live fish (to sum a few)). It his hilariously funny, greatly acted and it keeps you wonder where on earth it will go next because nothing is to weird for this movie. In my personal opinion, this is a great movie and I recommend everyone to watch it, but then again: everyone has their own taste and opinions.


45
This film kept lurking in my head for a while, but not because I was taken by it. I just kept wondering why I got so bored. Even though DiCaprio performs very well (as usual) and there were nicely put comic notes, it just didn't capture me very much. Only the final parts were slightly more engaging. I now know why; the entire story as well as pretty much every character stayed flat and superficial. Nothing new, nothing interesting, nothing insightful, nothing unexpected, no shock, cringe or excitement. However, the part when Jordan (temporarily) changes his ways has an element of surprise; that is because you get no clue on how he did that (or even why, other than his realisation that he's been found out), what process that was and what part anyone around him played in it. Wasn't interesting maybe because of the lack of drugs and hookers?

It does depict empty sales pretty well, you could say. Sales that is only about making people give you their money without exchanging anything valuable for them, with no consideration for the long term relationship or consequences. Some still think that is what good sales is about; it is not. That is just criminal. You might argue that someone like Jordan Belfort is indeed that flat and superficial, but I have a hard time believing that. I suspect as a psychopath, that is just the picture Belfort prefers to sell. There was one character slightly more intriguing, in the beginning, and that was Mark Hanna, probably because he was played so well by Matthew McCounaghy.
46
The movie is good , I mean the acting is really good and everything , but i don't get two things.

1- What's up with all the bad language ( more than 200 F word ) 2- Why are there so many nudity scenes ?

the movie is 3 hours long , and it can be easily done with two hours and a half if they cut the huge amount of nudity scenes , i mean 99% of them are not important to show , and that is exactly why I gave it a 6 .

In conclusion , the story is good , the acting is solid , and the ending is OK. but the thing that i didn't like was the it's length.


47
This is one of the most overrated movies I have ever seen. I can only describe it as boring and simply overrated. For one, the movie is simply too long. They could have left a whole lot of scenes on the editing table. 

I think I have never really been much of a fan of M Scorcese, I did really enjoy Malavita / The Family, but many of his other recent movies were not my favorites. This movie is a new low. Even the sex is boring... The movie is tedious, too much talking about nothing (and the dialogs aren't all that super either), predictable, drugs and sex seem to be an end instead of a means for the story to be told (and as I said, even the sex is boring). Even DiCaprio could not save this incredibly crap movie.
48
The film attracted conservative viewers by depicting a more moral tone in its marketing than the film itself depicted.Christina McDowell, daughter of Tom Prousalis (who worked closely with the real-life Belfort at Stratton Oakmont) wrote an open letter addressing Scorsese, DiCaprio, and Belfort himself, criticising the film for insufficiently portraying the victims of the financial crimes created by Stratton Oakmont, for disregarding the damage that was done to her family as a result of such, and for giving celebrity to persons (Belfort and his partners, including her father) who do not deserve it.The story "wants us to be interested in characters who are dull people to start with, made duller by their delusions of being interesting because they are high.An irresponsible glorification rather than a satirical take-down.Ultimately hollow exercise in movie excess. Plays less as an insightful critique and more as an exercise in indulgence. There is no psychological insight, no moral insight, just no insight, full stop. And it palls after a while. It's sick and disturbing in all the wrong ways, rendering this 'Wolf' nothing but a dog.It's not OK to make three hours of graphic sex, epic drug binges, and general debauchery as boring as it is in The Wolf of Wall Street.As a major filmmaker, it's about time Scorsese found some material that stretched his ideas, rather than his audience's patience.As Johnny Rotten famously asked, ever get the feeling you've been cheated?I couldn't buy it, and couldn't wait for the hollow spectacle to end.The weakest movie in Martin Scorsese's fifty-year career, the worst writing Scorsese has ever been associated with.It's showy, but it doesn't amount to much.The characteristic traits build up, intolerably: the grinding pace, the deadening repetition, the pointless wordiness (Terence Winter's screenplay never shuts up), the self-congratulatory yuk-yuks.
49
Imagine the ambiance and characterisation of "Wall Street" combined with the first person narration and manic energy of "Goodfellas" and you begin to anticipate the content and style of "The Wolf Of Wall Street", but nothing quite prepares you for the scale and frequency of the drug consumption (notably methaqualone and cocaine), the nudity and sex (full frontals galore) and the profanity (an estimated 569 versions of the f-word), not to mention abuse of a goldfish and a misdirected piece of ham. No wonder the film was independently funded. Which mainstream studio would want this product? But director Martin Scorsese, now in his 70s, has given us another powerhouse of a movie. It was nominated for five Academy Awards although it did not win any.

Set over no less than three hours, this is the true-life story of American stockbroker Jordan Belfort and based on his memoirs of the same name. Leonardo di Caprio, in his fifth collaboration with Scorsese, gives a storming performance in the eponymous role with some wonderful 'inspirational' speeches. The impressive cast-list includes Matthew McConaughey and Jonah Hill as fellow money-men and Margot Robbie as Belfort's second wife, while cameo roles include Rob Reiner, Joanna Lumley and even - in the final moments - Belfort himself.

This is a black comedy which lampoons both the acquisition and experience of being rich. It could be argued that the film is moral in that it records the reality that Belfort served 22 months in federal prison for a "pump and dump" scheme that led to investor losses of approximately $200 million. But ultimately I was saddened by the movie because it represents the perpetrators of this huge scandal as amiable buffoons rather than ruthless crooks and it has nothing to say about the misery suffered by so many gullible, small-time investors.
50
Never realised it was three hours and got to bed at 2.00pm but it was worth it, everything I enjoy in a film, intelligent script good pace, a story line and best is DiCaprio. For the film he must make himself likable which given the character who is a drug fuelled, thief and misogynist takes some doing but he pulls it off. The other characters, Jonah Hill, really excellent as his sidekick while Matthew McConaughey is mesmerising and the stunning Margot Robbie is fantastic.

The story, the down fall of a corrupt stockbroker and the hedonistic lifestyle. This film has laugh out loud moments. Treat yourself and watch.


